# Regular Meeting Minutes

Anti-Trust Notice was shown.

## Attendees ##

- Jimmy Ahlberg
- Marc-Etienne Vargenau
- Stephen Kilbane
- Shinji Sato
- Shane Coughlan

Discussion point was to use SPDX Appendix G.3 table of SPDX Lite elements as our minimum set of SBOM elements for the telco SBOM.
https://spdx.github.io/spdx-spec/v2.3/SPDX-Lite/

Question raised: what if people wanted to use another SBOM format? Answer: current market demand is for SPDX, so this iteration focused on market demand. If the market evolves, future versions will address it.

Question raised: other options for different sectors? They have options to fork this specification or to work on a future generalized version.

Comment raised: discussion that it's fine for different markets to have different approaches.

Comment raised: two telcos outside of our current call provided feedback that the SBOM specification is interesting. One is ready to start actively promoting when the specification is ready. WG13 Security working group, O-RAN is what they specifically referred to.

Discussion point: Section 3.7 (SDPX build verification), which diverges from the tag value focus we previously had, and whether this causes any concerns. No concerns raised. 

Question: Is it useful to include on post-build with timestamps? Answer: it could be useful to take a step back and think about how we can make this as simple as possible. Simply ask for the SBOM to contain information if its timestamp of creation is pre, during or post build of the relevant software.

Comment: Section 3.8 looks looks uncontroversial, as the timing can be negotiated but should be no later than delivery to allow gateway analysis.

Comment: Section 3.9 (Method of SBOM Delivery) touched on a topic related to pure market concern, where scanned Excel in a PDF has been known to be delivered. Discussion suggested to take a similar approach to GPL, allowing distributor to deliver SBOM at time of delivery or to make it available for a given period.

Note: wording will be changed slightly to reflect this. Detail of time limit will be discussed in a future call, but potentially align with ISO/IEC 5230:2020 timescale (18 months), with the rationale that this goes beyond a yearly planning cycle and embeds into ongoing processes.
